Fuck all you hoes, get a grip
mother fucker.
Yeah, this album is dedicated
To all the teachers that told
me I'd never amount to nothin'
To all the people that
lived above the buildings
that I was hustlin' in front of
called the police on me
when I was just tryin'
-to make some money to feed
my daughter.
-It's all good.
And all the niggas
in the struggle
You know what I'm sayin'?
It's all good, baby, baby.
♪ It was all a dream, I used
to read Word Up! magazine ♪
♪ Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy
D up in the limousine ♪
♪ Hangin' pictures on my wall,
every Saturday Rap Attack,
Mr. Magic, Marley Marl ♪
♪ I let my tape rock
'til my tape popped ♪
♪ Smokin' weed in Bambu,
sippin' on Private Stock ♪
♪ Way back, when I had the
red and black lumberjack ♪
♪ With the hat to match ♪
♪ Remember Rappin'
Duke? Duh-ha, duh-ha ♪
♪ You never thought that
hip-hop would take it this far ♪
♪ Now I'm in the limelight
'cause I rhyme tight ♪
♪ Time to get paid, blow
up like the World Trade ♪
♪ Born sinner, the
opposite of a winner ♪
♪ Remember when I used to
eat sardines for dinner ♪
♪ Peace to Ron G,
Brucie B, Kid Capri ♪
♪ Funkmaster Flex,
Lovebug Starski ♪
♪ I'm blowin' up like
you thought I would ♪
♪ Call the crib, same
number, same hood ♪
-♪ It's all good, uh ♪
-♪ It's all good, yea ♪
♪ And if you don't know,
now you know, nigga ♪
♪ You know very well ♪
♪ Who you are ♪
♪ Don't let 'em hold you down ♪
♪ Reach for the stars ♪
♪ You had a goal ♪
♪ But not that many ♪
♪ 'Cause you're the only one ♪
-♪I'll give you good and plenty♪
-♪ I made the change
from a common thief ♪
♪ To up close and personal
with Robin Leach ♪
♪ And I'm far from cheap,
I smoke skunk with
my peeps all day ♪
♪ Spread love, it's
the Brooklyn way ♪
♪ The Moët and Alizé
keep me pissy ♪
♪ Girls used to diss me,
now they write letters
'cause they miss me ♪
♪ I never thought it could
happen, this rappin' stuff ♪
♪ I was too used to
packin' gats and stuff ♪
♪ Now honeys play me close
like butter play toast ♪
♪ From the Mississippi
down to the East Coast ♪
♪ Condos in Queens,
indo for weeks ♪
♪ Sold-out seats to hear
Biggie Smalls speak ♪
♪ Livin' life without fear,
puttin' five karats
in my baby girl's ear ♪
♪ Lunches, brunches,
interviews by the pool ♪
♪ Considered a fool 'cause I
dropped out of high school ♪
♪ Stereotypes of a black
male misunderstood ♪
♪ And it's still all good, uh ♪
♪ And if you don't know,
now you know, nigga ♪
♪ You know very well ♪
♪ Who you are ♪
♪ Don't let 'em hold you down ♪
♪ Reach for the stars ♪
♪ You had a goal ♪
♪ But not that many ♪
♪ 'Cause you're the only one ♪
-♪ I'll give you
good and plenty ♪
-♪ Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis♪
♪ When I was dead broke, man,
I couldn't picture this ♪
♪ 50-inch screen,
money-green leather sofa ♪
♪ Got two rides, a
limousine with a chauffeur ♪
♪ Phone bill about
two G's flat ♪
♪ No need to worry, my
accountant handles that ♪
♪ And my whole
crew is loungin' ♪
♪ Celebratin' every day,
no more public housin' ♪
♪ Thinkin' back on
my one-room shack ♪
♪ Now my mom pimps a Ac'
with minks on her back ♪
♪ And she loves to
show me off of course ♪
♪ Smiles every time my
face is up in The Source ♪
♪ We used to fuss when
the landlord dissed us ♪
♪ No heat, wonder why
Christmas missed us ♪
♪ Birthdays was the worst days ♪
♪ Now we sip Champagne
when we thirsty ♪
♪ Uh, damn right, I
like the life I live ♪
♪ 'Cause I went from
negative to positive ♪
-♪ And it's all ♪
-♪ It's all good, nigga ♪
♪ And if you don't know,
now you know, nigga ♪
♪ You know very well ♪
♪ Who you are ♪
♪ Don't let 'em hold you down ♪
-♪ And if you don't know,
now you know, nigga ♪
-♪ Reach for the stars ♪
♪ You had a goal ♪
♪ But not that many,
'cause you're the only one ♪
-♪ And if you don't know,
now you know, nigga ♪
-♪I'll give you good and plenty♪
♪ Representin'
B-Town in the house ♪
♪ Junior Mafia, mad flavor, uh ♪
♪ Uh, yeah ♪
-♪ You give me
good and plenty baby ♪
-♪ Aight ♪
♪ Hey, yeah ♪